38 eNOS would you like to see a
cartridge well before we actually go
into that a few things so this is only
the performance video the tutorial or
explanation for this trick will be in
another video you can check the
description bar if you want to jump
right into the tutorial now but I would
advise against it it will be just a few
minutes to look at this video and then
it's it doesn't even matter it doesn't
make any sense if you go look at the
explanation and you don't even know what
the trick is so once this and then go
and dive right into the tutorial it's a
good trick but let's first let's get
started talking the spectator I would
ask to take the neck take any number of
cards shuffled look at the top card now
because I can see the screen I can see
the gods I must close my eyes of course
because then I can see now I know that
maybe you don't trust that I close my
eyes but honest to god I promise on my
mother's grave I will close my eyes is
that good enough ok now my eyes are
closed to see the god by the way my
mother hopefully is not dead yet but he
had doesn't see him sorry she doesn't
have a great but nonetheless what's so
the spectator drop some cards on top of
that and maybe if you got now that i
think the cost is the first time i
thought the cards and i would say
something like you see all the different
cars here there is no way anybody can
know what the god is but i try if I
spread the cost like this i can actually
sense your God oh I think there is a
problem because there is too many cards
I'm going to actually do them into
packets like this sometimes this happens
my power although my might seem like
that were super power ever and in fact
it is buff
sometimes if you have too many cards
it's hard to select that all since the
chosen cards okay sometimes it's hard
but with for example this amount of cars
it shouldn't be very hard so just in
fact I do send something but I I'm not
quite certain where it is on going to
again once every other card goes up
every other card goes down you see so
we're going to eliminate some more parts
just like that these cards go away now
it's easy only after you cards just I
think it's my ring my ring it's kind of
kind of like in a metal detectors
something you can't detect it's
disrupting know I still nothing it's not
the ring let's see now a few cards this
should be no nothing this should be easy
but one two no no I one God let's try
yes instantly yes this is it I know I
feel ok this is chosen god yes thank God
by the way I'm saying this even though I
don't even know if that was the
corrector God but I can be absolutely
certain at least because this the trick
should always work did I almost say
something else ok but yes so that's the
trick and if you want to see how it's
done both the description bar and click
the link I have nothing else to say I
hope you enjoyed it go watch the other
video and as always have a nice day and
bye bye